Do not use normative language for congestion control (#166)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

## Congestion Control

> When the QUIC multipath extension is used, senders manage per-path 

Author: ```suggestion
When the QUIC multipath extension is used, senders manage per-path
```

congestion status as required in {{Section 9.4 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.
However, in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}} only one active path is assumed and as such
the requirement is to reset the congestion control status on path migration.
With the multipath extension, multiple paths can be used simultaneously,
therefore separate congestion control state is maintained for each path.

> This means a sender is not allowed to send more data on a given path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means a sender is not allowed sending more data on a given path
```

> This means a sender is not allowed sending more data on a given path

Author: ```suggestion
This means a sender is not allowed to send more data on a given path
```
